Kubernetes Runtime (#49236)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/executors/index.md

- <span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span> Deploy with Terraform on AWS or GCP. Sourcegraph provides Terraform modules and AMIs for [supported regions](./deploy_executors.md).
- <span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span> Deploy [binaries](./deploy_executors_binary.md).

> There has been a number of confusion around this. This is a fallback deployment at the moment for customers that need K8s now.
> There are two supported installation methods (Experimental):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number of questions have been raised regarding the following deployment methods. These are fallback deployments for customers that need to deploy on Kubernetes now and cannot wait for beta or GA deployment methods. **These methods are experimental!**
```

Author: With this PR, this isn't as much as a concern of mine anymore. I did remote the first bullet. But I think it is ok now with the `Experimental` warning
